Add design resources page and some pics (#411)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/design/design-resources.mdx

import { LinkGrid } from '../../app/components';
import { patternLinks, figmaCommunityFileLinks, figmaPluginLinks } from '../../__configuration__/design';

<!-- KEYWORDS: design resources -->

# Design Resources

## Guidelines

PX Blue has a few design guidelines that serve as the foundation of the design system. They are intentional design choices we made to shape the PX Blue brand — what PX Blue applications should look like, and how PX Blue applications would interact with their users.

> <LinkGrid links={patternLinks} style={{ marginTop: 16 }} />

Reviewer: I would leave this section out (see comment below about moving the reference to the style guide into the intro page) since it's not exactly a _resource_ and we already have a top level page dedicated to the style stuff and patterns.

## Figma Resources

We also provide the following easy-to-use Figma community resources, which is also listed publicly under the Figma community profile name [@eaton_comunity](https://figma.com/@eaton_community).

### Community Files

> Duplicate these files to your own draft space, and you can play around with our components and patterns however ways you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PX Blue community files can be duplicated into your own draft space, and you can play around with our components and patterns however you like or use them to build up your own project designs.
```
